# CW 1 Web Technology

## ID - 00011270

This is a task of Coursework 1 for Web Technology Module. The project is purely designed with HTML, CSS and JavaScript language. The website name is Study\infty, and it provides online courses for everyone in every sphere such as, programming, languages, mathematics, etc. The website has 5 web pages: Home, About Us, Sign Up and pages for JavaScript and Java courses. When the website is loaded, the “Home” page appears where the student can find, listed popular courses and at the bottom free courses. Also, there is a section where the partners of the project are listed. Moreover, “Home” page includes the Night Mode option at the bottom in the footer section, where users can turn it on or off. When the “About us” page is loaded, the description of the website with the company and the pictures of students is provided. In addition to that, the page includes a Review section, where any user can leave a review of the website. In the “Sign up” page, users can fill up the form and create an account, or they can press one out of two buttons and sign up with google or facebook accounts. If they fill the form and press the button, the greeting text with their name will appear. In terms of courses, if you load the JavaScript course page, you will be able to see the description of the language and the course. Also, if you click on the Variables section, the information about the variables in JS will appear. On the other hand, if you load a Java course, the page will load the payment method, because this course is not free.


